Plugin dev docs (#1043)
Deltares/hydromt: docs/guides/plugin_dev/custom_resolver.rst

.. _custom_behaviour:

Custom Resolver
===============

In addition to data which may or may not be in custom file formats, to be able to read
data, we must also know how it is laid out. For example the AWS Copernicus DEM data
(https://registry.opendata.aws/copernicus-dem/) is provided as Cloud Optimised GeoTiff,
but has no spacial index. Instead the files are divided in tiles covering the globe and
must be queried using the desired resolution, nothing and easting to find the correct

> files. To be able to query this data set effectively we need a way to translate geo
> spacial data into a list of files which we should load to get the data we want. This is

Reviewer: ```suggestion
files. To be able to query this data set effectively we need a way to translate geospatial
data into a list of files which we should load to get the data we want. This is
```

> exactly where `URIResolver`s come in.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
exactly where ``URIResolver`` s come in.
```
